we're about to head into Party City
there's a Mickey Mouse and young Drake
over there and we got young Joe over
here I'm tired
well you should be more tired than its
had a baby
yeah so this is what you look like when
you have a kid I love it to death I love
her to death and swear to God before any
other baby this is what you look like
PSA he's not had a kid guys don't have
kids that's Mike born or would that be
like when I think us for baby I need
comments on this are you post this vlog
well I keep telling Joe get get a you
know you're 30 or you're 50 balloon to
first life but it's is birthday we got
um mmm
what does that minion I haven't seen
that movie have you guys seen that movie
what's up get off of me kind of try to
draw live and vlog illegally in the head
like you bro oh yeah is your hair yeah
once minions get data
you can't kill one No
how come visitor
ba so what I mean what you have you seen
this movie I have both oh so you've seen
them
yeah I need to see this movie I guess
I'm the only person I'd never seen
Despicable Me or Despicable Me 2 we're
here in the dreaded Walley world because
Joan used to get presents for his wife
we just saw it's pretty funny we just
like stop this one woman we were walking
shot him with a cart exactly like we
were walking down this aisle and all of
a sudden she just came out of nowhere
to say excuse me nothing at all and so I
just like went like that and she just
got pissed off at us
all I'm saying is not many people can
say they are a reckless car driver
exactly just saying only in Walmart mean
they think driving a car is hard to your
car
yeah I wonder how she drives in the real
world really is a really bad drug this
is how right here is how you get laid
with carts yes okay what is that looks
like roadkill down there ah there's one
I like coming to work
you forgot that post oh you want me to
come with you or not what your bird so
don't forget it
poster board in there and now it's a run
back and get his post for because he's
gonna make his wife a birthday card
oh I don't live for life what does I say
over there the license plate says lol
God okay day two at the hospital
Joe is giving birth what babies are born
bro he's gonna give is gonna keep birth
you look more pregnant than I am
whatever your vet
can't talk loudly Joe is uh doing some
arts and crafts he's making a board over
here I'm not gonna show all that but
there's a cat over there I'm not you can
see it right there
what does we meant demon cat look at
that cat look over your cat those people
don't don't don't do dude this is not
sponsored by Mountain Dew kickstart
saying look at the cat that's a really
feminine looking cat hi hi kitty
hello don't don't don't look like don't
jump at me either
I already had enough animals this week
trying to harass me hello hi cat what
you doing this John Thank You cat
gonna bother you that another chant
what's what's uh bigger
his name is day there okay danger
no kitty cat say hi to viewers no no
it's a cool bracelet you got on your arm
alright yeah you went to a club or
something no that's my oh it's my daddy
tag pretty much there daddy daddy gosh
found it okay that but it what what he's
doing what are you doing dude what are
you doing I caught you what are you
doing now we're just running all over
the place today we're going to a mark
the mark of the Kmart so this place is
really depressing inside I'm gonna
probably probably want to get in here
you say Kmart I don't know what I was
saying there I thought it was uh trying
to be funny but apparently that work out
to well someone over there but uh
and it's thunderstorm engrain like three
seconds ago it was all sunny in uh
really hot and now the coffee looked
back so I don't get hit by a car but now
it's just like grainy and
blooming it's not really bad was like
thunderstorm pina we're all nerds I'm in
there now Oh God see this is what
happens when I'm vlog and walk
everything ok look what I got sushi yeah
this is gonna be my dinner for tonight
right now I'm editing the part where I
was filming myself sleeping last night
and I realized that the exporting time
is going to be probably over 4 hours
long so now I'm trying to figure out if
it's really worth putting in this vlog I
might leave it out of this vlog and it
might make this a part of another vlog
that I'm probably just gonna put this
weekend so pretty long videos I don't 1
and how do you just sit through this
whole entire thing so I'm gonna try to
fast-forward through the hotel session
let's get to some Instagram shadow sorry
it kind of came later in the vlog first
one comes from Wolfie was here give me a
shout-out or I will throw that goose in
your bed that would be pretty terrifying
we want Punk
4 3 4 trust me we all want CM Punk back
give me a shadow or I will choke slam
you through a table next one comes from
X having X give me a shout-out or I'll
get that goosed burner House down also
give us her a Nintendo ID on your Wii U
so we can add you so what do you guys
think should I do another episode of
hash tag ask rahat let me know down in
the comments originally I was gonna put
my gold YouTube button on this wall but
I actually have it over here I think it
looks pretty cool over here is on top of
my cabinet file here and also I'm
thinking about working on a new prank
tomorrow twos so you guys can come along
for the ride I'm gonna end this vlog
right here I'm going to figure out a
game plan on how I can edit the sleeping
video and then after that I'm gonna edit
this vlog and head to bed so as usual
you guys be well be safe
I'll see you guys in the next vlog see
you guys later what's up he who's he's
the lucky father what's going on David
[Music]